#labels Featured
= What's New =

27-Nov-10
  * Added JavaForce.zip -- core library used by all other tools.
  * Added CopyForce set of programs
  * Lots of usage documentation added to all components.

15-Oct-10
  * Upgrade to Winter'11 (version 20.0) protocol.

17-Sep-10
  * Fixed a problem with the Jython module when deep column references had non-ovelapping paths. Parser was not picking up the value from each path.

27-Aug-10
  * Fixed a problem with the Jython module when referencing more than 2 levels deep on columns and using the selectRecords() method.
  * Upgraded to version 19.0 of the partner WSDL.

03-Apr-10
  * Fixed date time parsers and made them generous wrt syntax (almost correct date or dateTime values will be patched on the fly to meet SOQL syntax requirements).

24-Mar-10
  * Upgrade to use Version 18.0 (Spring 10) version of the Salesforce protocol (the partner wsdl).

16-Mar-10
  * Add Jython support for selecting classes with attributes with a select statement. See [Jython_Select_Tutorial].

20-Feb-10
  * Support return multi-line column data in the Jython module.
  * Add the SELECTX command -- return return of a SELECT statement as simple XML.

15-Feb-10
  * Extend UPDATE command syntax to support efficient updates where Salesforce IDs are known.
  * Add convenience methods (insert(), update(), delete()) to SQLForce.py.
  * Add ability to fetch Salesforce IDs of newly inserted rows.

6-Feb-10
  * Add support for Salesforce connection profiles. See SalesforceConnectionProfileRegistry

2-Feb-10
  * Update Jython module (I use this every week...more examples posted next weekend).
  * Fix NPE bug in Python module that occurred when a SELECT statement did not end in a semicolon.